Update dataprep (#6)
ebi-gene-expression-group/scxa-tertiary-workflow: README.md

# How to run workflow for tertiary analysis 
## Prepare data

> Datasets for the tertiary analysis must be in a single directory to be used in `--dir_path`
> 
> Following files are required:
> 1. genes_metadata.tsv
> 2. genes.tsv
> 3. barcodes.tsv
> 4. matrix.mtx
> 5. cell_metadata.tsv
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform a tertiary analysis, all required datasets must be stored in a single directory, which should be specified using the --dir_path parameter.

Ensure the following files are present in the directory:

`genes_metadata.tsv` – Metadata information for genes
`genes.tsv` – List of gene identifiers
`barcodes.tsv` – Cell barcode identifiers
`matrix.mtx` – Expression matrix in Matrix Market format
`cell_metadata.tsv` – Metadata information for individual cells

```
